Skip to content
Accessibility Feedback
5
AllSearchImagesVideosMapsNewsCopilot
More
Junji Ito
Japanese horror manga artist
Overview
Manga
Adaptations
Themes
howtolovecomics.com
See More
Overview

Junji Ito is a Japanese horror manga artist renowned for works like Tomie, Uzumaki, and Gyo, blending body horror, cosmic dread, and surreal imagery. Initially a dental technician, he debuted in 1987 with Tomie, winning the Kazuo Umezu Prize. Influenced by H.P. Lovecraft, Kazuo Umezu, and Shigeru Mizuki, his Eisner Award-winning works have inspired global adaptations and cemented his status as a modern horror icon.

Learn more
Age: 62 years (Jul 31, 1963)
Spouse: Ayako Ishiguro (2006–)
6
Sources
9:39:59
Every Single JUNJI ITO Manga Explained In One Video (200+ Stories)
YouTubeGrief377.8K viewsFeb 10, 2025
Inkpot Award Honor
2023
Honored at San Diego Comic-Con for contributions to comics
Wikipedia
https://en.wikipedia.org › wiki
Junji Ito - Wikipedia

Junji Ito (Japanese: 伊藤 潤二, Hepburn: Itō Junji; born July 31, 1963) is a Japanese horror manga artist. Some of his most notable works include Tomie, a series chronicling an immortal girl who drives her stricken admirers to madness; Uzumaki, a three-volume series about a town cursed by spirals; and Gyo, a two-volume story in which fish are controlled by a strain of bacteria called "the deat…

Books
Uzumaki: Spiral into Horror, Vol. 1
1998
Shiver: Selected Stories
2015
Remina
2005
Fragments of Horror
2014
Smashed
2019
Ito Junji's Cat Diary
2009
 
Most Recommended Books
https://www.mostrecommendedbooks.com › series
All 29 Junji Ito Books in Order (Complete List 2026)

Jun 7, 2026 · Discover the terrifying world of Junji Ito with a complete list of his horror manga, from the spiral-obsessed Uzumaki to short story collections like…

Who is the author of Junji Ito series?
Navigating the literary seas of the Junji Ito series is Junji Ito. This author, whether a rising star or a seasoned veteran, has crafted the pages...
How many Junji Ito books are there?
To answer a question as vital as the number of coffee cups consumed while reading, there are exactly 25 books in the Junji Ito series. Each book re...
In what order should I read these books?
The first page of this saga was turned in 2009, and the ink dried on the latest page in 2020. While each book might be a world in itself, reading t...
Where can I find more information about each book?
Each book in the Junji Ito series comes with its own little treasure trove of information, nestled snugly above the "View on Amazon" button. Here,...
 
Images of Junji Ito
Uzumaki
Tomie
Manga
Gyo
Anime
Short Stories
Art Style
Japanese Horror
Body Horror
10 Best Junji Ito Manga Every Fan Of The Acclaimed Horror Creator Needs ...
10 Scariest Junji Ito Manga Series, Ranked
Junji Ito Maniac Delve Into The Chilling World Of Horror
Junji Ito: 10 Best Stories from Japan’s Master of Horror
Junji Ito: The Master Of Horror Manga
Junji Ito Collection A Horror Coloring Book
New horror anime based on one of Junji Ito's scariest…
Tomie Junji Ito Scan Vf | Junji Ito Manga – TSXD
"You're Really Stepping Into Ito's Pages": How Colin Stetson Gave ...
Where To Begin With Junji Ito? | Junji Ito Manga – WATQVT
Scrolled 0%
See all images
VIZ
https://www.viz.com
VIZ | The Official Website for Junji Ito
See More

Explore the Ito-verse of cosmic horror with Junji Ito, the four-time Eisner Award-winning creator of Tomie, Uzumaki, Gyo, and more. Find his books, trailers, previews, and recommendations on VIZ.

Japan Objects
https://japanobjects.com › features
Junji Ito: 10 Best Stories from Japan’s Master of Horror

Jan 17, 2020 · Junji Ito is a mangaka who understands phobias, existential anxieties, and the terror of the unknown better than any other horror writer on …

fandom.com
https://junji-ito.fandom.com
Junji Ito Wiki | Fandom

Welcome to the Junji Ito Wiki! This wiki is dedicated to legendary horror mangaka Junji Ito (伊藤潤二), cataloging the artist's art, publications, media, merchandise, …

Japan Daily
https://japandaily.jp
Biography of Junji Ito: The Dark Genius Behind Japanese Horror

Jul 16, 2025 · Explore the biography of Junji Ito, the legendary Japanese horror manga artist behind Uzumaki, Tomie, and Gyo. Discover his …

https://runeworkscomics.myshopify.com
Graphic Novels | Comic Book and Hobby Shop | Rune Works Comics
Sponsored
Graphic Novels. Tabletop Games
Amazon
https://www.amazon.com › shop › junji ito
Junji Ito | Order At Amazon Now | All-In-One Online Store
Sponsored
Get Deals and Low Prices On Junji Ito At Amazon. Choose From a Wide Selection Of Fantasy Graphic Novels At Great Prices.
Deep dive into Junji Ito
junji ito books in order
junji ito uzumaki manga
junji ito tomie series
junji ito gyo manga
junji ito anime
junji ito collection
junji ito art
junji ito maniac
Deep dive into Junji Ito
junji ito books in order
junji ito uzumaki manga
junji ito tomie series
junji ito gyo manga
junji ito anime
junji ito collection
junji ito art
junji ito maniac
 